feat(kafka-upstream): add some how-to document pages for the new feature of kong gateway's kafka-upstream plugin (#8546)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/kafka-upstream/how-to/_multiple-topics-and-acl.md

---

> nav_title: Configure Multiple Producer Topics with Whitelist in Kafka Upstream Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nav_title: Configure Multiple Allowed Producer Topics
```

> title: Configure Multiple Producer Topics with Whitelist in Kafka Upstream Plugin

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Configure Multiple Allowed Producer Topics with the Kafka Upstream Plugin
```

minimum_version: 3.10.x
---

> ## Configure Multiple Producer Topics with Allowlist in Kafka Upstream Plugin
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Since {{site.base_gateway}} 3.10, the Kafka Upstream Plugin supports sending the message to multiple client-defined Kafka topics, by using a query parameter that contains a list of target topic names. To prevent client request from sending message to arbitrary topics, user can also define a topic allowlist that can be sent to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in {{site.base_gateway}} 3.10, the Kafka Upstream plugin supports sending messages to multiple client-defined Kafka topics by using a query parameter that contains a list of target topic names. 
To prevent client requests from sending messages to arbitrary topics, you can also define a topic allowlist.
```

> By using the new configuration field `topics_query_arg`, user can define a request parameter name that contains a list of the target topics that Kafka Upstream will produce message to. By using the new configuration field `allowed_topics`, user can define the list of allowed topic names to which messages can be sent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the following fields in combination:
* `config.topics_query_arg`:  Define a request parameter name that contains a list of the target topics that Kafka Upstream will produce messages to. 
* `config.allowed_topics`: Define the list of allowed topic names to which messages can be sent.
```

> {:.note .no-icon}
> > The default topic configured in the `topic` field is always allowed, regardless of its inclusion in `allowed_topics`. When `allowed_topics` is not defined, only the default topic configured in the `topic` field is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{:.note}
> The default topic configured in the `topic` field is always allowed, regardless of its inclusion in `allowed_topics`. When `allowed_topics` is not defined, only the default topic configured in the `topic` field is allowed.
```

> ### How-to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Using the plugin
```

> Here is an example config that demonstrate how these new config field are being used in the Kafka Upstream plugin:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here is an example config that defines an allowlist and a topic list:
```

```
_format_version: "3.0"

services:
  - name: kafka-service
    url: http://mock-upstream
    routes:
      - name: kafka-route
        paths:
          - /kafka
    plugins:
      - name: key-auth
      - name: kafka-upstream
        config:
          bootstrap_servers:
            - host: localhost
              port: 9092
          topic: "my-topic"
          topics_query_arg: "topic-list"
          allowed_topics:
            - "my-topic"
            - "topic1"
            - "topic2"

consumers:
  - username: alice
    keyauth_credentials:
      - key: "example-api-key"

```

> A client can use the `topic-list` query argument to send the message to multiple topics

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client can use the `topic-list` query argument to send the message to multiple topics, including any topics in the  `allowed_topic` list, as well as the default topic defined in the `topic` field:
```

```
> curl 'http://localhost:8000/kafka?topic-list=my-topic,topic1'
{"message":"message sent"}

# Check message in the topics
> kcat -b 127.0.0.1:9092 -G mygroup1 -t my-topic -p 0 -C
.....OLD MESSAGES.....
% Reached end of topic my-topic [0] at offset 22
{"body_args":{},"body_base64":true,"body":""}
% Reached end of topic my-topic [0] at offset 23

> kcat -b 127.0.0.1:9092 -G mygroup -t topic1 -p 0 -C
% Reached end of topic topic1 [0] at offset 0
{"body_args":{},"body_base64":true,"body":""}
% Reached end of topic topic1 [0] at offset 1
```

> A client can send the message to whatever topics that is included in the `allowed_topic` list as well as the default topic defined in the `topic` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Moved this up.

> A client cannot send the message to a topic that is not allowed in the `allowed_topic` list:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A client can't send the message to a topic that is not allowed in the `allowed_topic` list:
```
